Add HTML Language (#20)
whippingdot/Language-Tutorials: HTML/4. text.md

# Text Styling

You can style text in HTML in multiple different ways, you can make it bold, italicized, underlined, striketrough, superscript and subscript.
___
## Bold 
You can do bold in two ways, the `<b>` tag or the `<strong>` tag, in terms of HTML semantics you should use `<strong>`

Here's how it would look rendered on a webpage

Code:

```html
<p>Hello <strong>how</strong> are you?</p>
```

Output:

![Bold Text Picture](images/bold.png)

**Look [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element#inline_text_semantics) for more information about HTML Semantics**
___
## Italics

> You can do Italics thrrough two tags, the `<i>` tag or the `<em>` tag, and `<em>` is semanticaly correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do Italics through two tags, the `<i>` tag or the `<em>` tag, and `<em>` is semantically correct.
```

> You can do Italics through two tags, the `<i>` tag or the `<em>` tag, and `<em>` is semantically correct.

Reviewer 2: Again talk about how em is used to emphasize something while i is just used to make something italic

Here's how some italicized text would look on a webpage

Code:

```html
<p>Hello <em>how</em> are you?</p>
```

Output:

![Italicized Text Picture](images/italics.png)
___
## Underlined

> You can make text underlined through the `<u>` tag or the `<ins>`, but later on with CSS, there is a better way of making text underlined.

Reviewer 2: I don't know what ins means, but if it has a meaning state that too

Example of underlined Text

Code:

```html
<p>Hello <ins>how</ins> are you?</p>
```

Output:

![Underlined Text Picture](images/under.png)
___
## Strikethrough

> Strikethrough text can be made with three tags, the `<strike>` tag, the `<s>` tag, and the `<del>` tag. The `<del>` tag is the most semantically correct.

Reviewer 2: Again I don't know what del is but I guess it is delete and I don't know what s is. If they have meanings the state them

Example

Code:

```html
<p>Hello <del>how</del> are you?</p>
```

Output:

![Strikethrough Text Picture](images/strike.png)

___

> # Superscript and Subscript

Reviewer 2: `##`

> Super Script and Subscript are done through the `<sub>` and `<sup>` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Superscript and Subscript are done through the `<sub>` and `<sup>` tags.
```

Example

Code:

```html
<p>Hello <sup>how</sup> <sub>are</sub> you?</p>
```

Output:

![Superscript and Subscript Text Picture](images/subsup.png)

> # Extra: Nesting

Reviewer 2: `##`

> One of the most error prone things in HTML is incorrect nesting, and it goes when people put ending tags in the wrong order, here is an example of an incorrect nesting

Reviewer: "goes" doesn't make sense here, maybe you know what fits best?

```html
<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Rerum asperiores itaque <strong>pariatur corrupti ratione, eius accusantium saepe nesciunt, unde consequatur nemo esse dolores sequi vero tempore praesentium autem id maiores.</p></strong>
```

> The ending `<strong>` tag should come before the ending `<p>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ending `</strong>` tag should come before the ending `</p>` tag.
```
I feel like this is more intuitive, and helps reader catch which tag you are referring to much faster.
